chore: update AGENTS.md to include Credex chart (#142)
cofide/helm-charts: AGENTS.md

To template and inspect rendered output:

```bash
helm template <release-name> charts/<chart-name> (optional: -f charts/<chart-name>/ci/<values-file>.yaml)
```

## Repository Structure

> This is a Helm chart mono-repo for Cofide's SPIFFE-based zero-trust infrastructure. There are 8 charts under `charts/`:

Reviewer: nit: means this line at least doesn't get out of date. Count doesn't seem to add anything?
```suggestion
This is a Helm chart mono-repo for Cofide's SPIFFE-based zero-trust infrastructure. All charts are under `charts/`:
```
